Hey, Concord, it's good to see you.
All those who are here and who are joining us online and at all of our campuses, we're excited.
And just pray that God will speak to us all through His Word.
Would you take your Bible and open them to John chapter six?
And we're gonna read verse 29 in a moment.
And the subject today is the work of God and the will of God.
So if I were to ask you the question of what is God's work?
What is the work of God and what's the will of God?
We're gonna look at it from this passage this morning and see what the scripture teaches us.
People do a lot of work every day, right, on their job at home, at school.
You know, students, they work hard during the day and then after school they're working on fine arts and all sorts of arts, things like that, and academics and athletics.
Parents, moms and dads do their work at work and then they have to get home and do work at home.
People in their retirement years
Naively think they're not gonna have anything to do and they find out they don't know how they ever got anything, everything done because they got so much to do during the retirement years.
Even preschoolers, right?
They got homework, it seems like.
I mean just people working all the time.
The question is, are we doing the kind of work that God would say, yeah, this is the work of God.
Of all the work we do, how do we also know that it's accomplishing the will of God?
I am one who firmly believes that, man, God wants us to have godly teachers and engineers and attorneys and doctors and in every field, homemakers.
And I mean, you just talk about whatever industry is, I believe that God wants us to have Christians in those industries so that we can make a difference for Christ.
But how do we make sure with the work that we do on a daily basis that we are doing the work that God wants us to do and accomplishing the will of God?
How do we know what God's will is?
And one of the questions before we read the verse, when we think about people who are, maybe they would even say, I'm seeking God, or they might even say, I want God to bless me, seeking God's blessings.
How do we know that they're, or how do they know that they're not just seeking the earthly stuff, but they actually are just seeking the real stuff that God would want them to have, the stuff that's gonna last for eternity.
So we're gonna look at that through this passage this morning.
Would you stand with me please for the reading of God's word?
I'll remind you of the context As you're standing at the beginning chapter 6 Jesus has just fed the 5,000 and so we've seen that miracle of provision and all that Jesus did there and then right after that We saw that Jesus tells them don't be afraid They're in the boat in the midst of a storm So it's after that and then they come and they're they're finding him and they're talking to him about some of those things and all of a sudden
Jesus says in verse 29, Jesus replied, this is the work of God that you believe in the one he has sent.
Let's pray.
Jesus, we pray that we will know what your work is so that we can fulfill the will of God.
We don't want to spend our lives doing a whole bunch of stuff that doesn't matter.
Father, if we miss the most important things you call us to do.
So Lord show us how to do that.
Lord show us and affirm us in the ways that we're already doing that.
Maybe help us all to take some steps towards even more closer obedience with you in this and how we manage our schedules and our time and even the things that we do on the job and off the job.
And Father, we just pray that each one of us will leave knowing that we are more committed than ever by your spirit's help in line with your word to do the work of God and the will of God every single day.
It's in Jesus then we pray, amen.
So it's probably easy for me to say it in this way to get us started and you see it from the standpoint of missionaries.
Spend some time in North Africa, Egypt in particular, and spend some time with the missionaries there.
There are actually people who may or may not actually live in the country, but they come to that country to do some work.
And one of the things that they do there is to teach English
as a second language.
As a matter of fact, in one of the cities, teaching American English as a second language.
Not that the British people don't know how to speak, but they just talk a little different than you and me.
One of the guys told me after, I've shared this message before, and he said that he taught Redneck English as a second language.
So I'm not sure about that.
That's right, she says.
So I went with these folks who were doing this work there in Egypt,
And we saw the school that they had, a legitimate school set up to teach English in the second language.
But you might not be surprised to hear that although they wanted the students to teach, I mean to learn English, and it helped the students because they were in a university town.
They obviously wanted to learn English for business purposes so they'd be prepared moving forward.
But from the perspective of the instructors and the ones who started the school, they wanted to impact these lives for eternity.
They were praying for opportunities that the students might even say, hey, I know you're teaching me English, but can you tell me more about American culture?
Can you tell me more about your family?
Can you tell me more about things that would be important to you?
And so they would have these conversations and it would lead to sharing the gospel.
That was the reason they taught English.
It was just a platform for sharing the gospel.
We have a Hope Center, right?
Concord Hope Center, and we give out food and clothing to people.
A tremendous ministry.
But you recognize that the end result of that is not just so that people can be warm and well fed.
It's so that they can absolutely know the giver of life.
The one who can give eternal life.
So if there's an organization around town or in our city or in our state or around the world that's just doing charitable work,
but doesn't do the most important work that Jesus just talked about there.
This is the work of God that you believe in the one he has sent.
This is why all of the missionaries that we support through the International Mission Board, they, as one of their primary goals, share the gospel.
They do it in a lot of different ways.
One of the guys I'm aware of in Southeast Asia, he is a
fishing guide in that part of the world.
So he is contracted out and he takes people out on fishing trips.
And guess what?
While he's out there with them, you know what he might do?
He might share the gospel with them.
Do you see the point?
This is how you take your calling, your career, and there's an intersection with what God wants as most important, the will of God for people and the work of God for people to believe in Jesus.
So let me ask you,
Three questions this morning, and it'll get us into this.
The work of God and the will of God.
Number one, do you look to Jesus because of the signs he performs?
Or do you trust in the sacrifice that he made for you on the cross?
Do you look to Jesus because of the signs he performs?
Or do you trust in the sacrifice he made for you on the cross?
This gets right to the heart of the matter of where is your relationship with God?
In this passage, if you look back at verse 22, it says the next day, this is after Jesus was on the water, walking on the water, the next day, the crowd that had stayed on the other side of the sea saw there had only been one boat.
They also saw that Jesus had not boarded the boat with his disciples, but his disciples had gone off alone.
Some boats from Tiberius came near the place where they had eaten the bread after the Lord had given thanks.
When the crowd saw that neither Jesus nor his disciples were there, they got into the boats and went to Capernaum looking for Jesus.
When they found him on the other side of the sea, they said to him, Rabbi, when did you get here?
Jesus says, because Paul, I mean, they're like, did you charter a boat?
Where did you, you know, because there was only one boat and there and went in the boat and now you're there.
They didn't know the miracle of him walking in the water.
Verse number next, 26, Jesus answered, truly I tell you,
you're looking for me not because you saw the signs but because you ate the loaves and were filled.
Remember the signs of his miracles were to point to who he really was.
The one who can give eternal life.
The one who has come from God to be the savior of the world.
So he's saying you saw the signs but you didn't see the meaning of the signs.
As a matter of fact he recognizes that people are just following him because they are thinking Jesus is like
the buffet waiting to happen any moment.
Maybe Jesus, another way to say it would be, Jesus is like this bread and fish vending machine, that if we could hang around him long enough, that if we get hungry, he's just gonna feed us.
It's the kind of people today who think that it's all about just eternal, I'm sorry, earthly blessings, that they think it's just about, matter of fact, one of the phrases that you might hear would be, people who believe in the prosperity gospel.
health and wealth.
They say, ah, if you follow Jesus, then you'll have just tons of money.
You'll never get sick.
You'll never have any problems.
The problem with that is it's a lie.
It's a lie from the devil.
God's people, people walking with Jesus all the time experience suffering because we live in a fallen world.
We live in a broken world.
And so some people, they are just looking
to Jesus because of the signs he performs, they're not trusting in a sacrifice he made for you on the cross.
Because if you trust in him for the sacrifice that he made for you on the cross, there's three things I want to share with you.
One, you will believe in who he is.
You will believe in who he is.
Jesus says about himself, verse 29 again, this is the work of God that you believe in the one he has sent.
So what are you believing?
You're believing that he was sent from God.
verse 30.
They're still on this signed thing.
What signed then are you going to do so we may see and believe in you?
They asked, what are you going to perform?
Our ancestors ate the manna and the wilderness just as it was written.
He gave them bread from heaven to eat.
Jesus told them, truly I tell you, Moses didn't give you the bread from heaven, but my father gives you the true bread from heaven for the bread of God is the one who comes down from heaven
and gives life to the world.
So Jesus says about himself, I'm the one who is sent.
That's verse 29.
He says in verse 33, I'm the one who has come down from heaven.
I am the one who gives life to the world.
You've seen Jesus saying who he is.
Then they said, sir, give us this bread always.
Let me pause.
Do you see the parallel between the woman at the well who said, give me this living water.
She was thinking it was like this eternal stuff that was just earthly.
Living water now they're saying give us this bread Jesus says in verse 35 I am the bread of life Jesus told them no one who comes to me will ever be hungry and no one who believes in me will ever be thirsty again, but as I told you You've seen me and yet you do not believe Everyone the father gives me will come to me and the one who comes to me I will never cast out for I've come down from heaven says it again and
I've come down from heaven not to do my own will, you see that?
We sang about that this morning, not to do my own will, but the will of Him who sent me.
Look, this is the intersection of the work of God and the will of God.
This is the will of Him who has sent me, that I should lose none of those He has given me, but raise Him up on the last day.
For this is the will of my Father.
Look, everyone who sees the Son and believes in Him will have eternal life, and I will raise Him up on the last day.
One other thing I wanna show you in verse, skip over to the end of the chapter.
In verse 69, when Jesus is talking to them about who he is, Peter says in verse 69, we have come to believe and know that you are the holy one of God.
So Jesus is the holy one of God, the savior who has come to sacrifice himself to be the savior of the world.
to die for our sins, to rise from the dead.
Matter of fact, at the end of this chapter, the last few verses, it talks all about the sacrifice, the body of Christ to be broken, the blood of Christ to be shed.
We gotta believe who He is.
So if you're gonna do the work of God and the will of God, you have to ask yourself, am I just believing in this like God who I'm just looking for signs?
And I'm just hoping it's just like this big guy in the sky that's just gonna provide.
Or am I trusting in who Jesus is?
His sacrifice on the cross.
Because if you trust in His sacrifice, it will change you.
You will begin to realize, yeah, in my vocation, I'm not just here for any reason.
I'm not just here to earn a living.
And in my walk with, or my religious life, it's not just about this stuff.
It's not just about appearance.
It's not about earthly stuff.
But it is about stuff that will last for all of eternity.
Believe in who Jesus is.
Also believe in what Jesus has done.
He has gone to the cross for us.
He did live a perfect life.
He did rise from the dead.
Believe in what He has done.
He fulfilled the Father's will.
We looked at a couple of weeks ago at the end of the story where they were feeding the 5,000.
They wanted to come and make Him earthly king by force.
Jesus wouldn't let them because He knew His will of the Father was not for Him
to be an earthly king but is to be an eternal king.
Jesus knew what he is called to do, believe in what he has done for us.
He died on the cross and he rose from the dead.
So if we're gonna trust in his sacrifice, we believe that.
And then thirdly, we trust and obey his word.
If you understand the sacrifice that he has made for you on the cross, you trust and obey his word and you say, yeah, back in verse 35 when he says, I am the bread of life.
is asked earlier in Matthew's gospel to teach you the disciples to pray.
They said, he prays, one of the things he prays is, give us this day our daily bread.
You probably heard me say this before, we're gonna keep saying it.
This word of God, the Bible, this is why you are to read it every day.
It is your guide for living.
It is your instructions for following Jesus and through his spirit and the word of God, he shows you how to walk with Jesus.
And so your life then is not about chasing signs, earthly signs, but it is about trusting in the sacrifice of Jesus, knowing that His way is the best way.
I often say, listen, God's way is not always the easy way, but it's always the right way.
Even if it involves suffering, just ask Jesus.
Just ask Jesus.
He was committed to the Father's will that was gonna take him
to the cross.
So do you trust in Jesus because the signs he performs?
Or do you look to him because of that?
Or do you trust in the sacrifice he made you on the cross?
Because if you're only looking for the signs, then your faith, I don't even know if it's real, but it's at best gonna be surface level, and you're not gonna be committed to the will of God and the work of God on a daily basis.
But if you trust in his sacrifice, you're like, Jesus, I'm so grateful for all you've done for me.
I want to do your work.
I want to do your will.
Question number two, be question number two.
Do you work only for earthly satisfaction and success?
Or do you work for the salvation of souls?
I said earlier, man, we need Christians in all sorts of vocations because people do all sorts of different things.
And the sphere of influence you have over those people is amazing.
There are people that your parents will never meet, your friends, your classmates.
God at this season of life has put them into your life and you into their life that you might influence them for eternity.
Parents, you got a job and man you're this and that.
You ever realize God's placed you there because he trusts you to help expand his kingdom in that way.
You may even have a job where you work alone a lot of the days
But man, there's ways that God uses you even in prayer and all the networks you have to influence people for eternity.
These, it says in verse, I want you to look down in verse 41, it says, therefore the Jews started complaining about him because he said, I am the bread that came down from heaven.
They were saying, isn't this Jesus, the son of Joseph, the carpenter, whose father and mother we know
How can he now say, I have come down from heaven?
Verse 43, Jesus answered them, stop complaining among yourselves.
And look at verse 44, this is key.
No one can come to me unless the father who sent me draws him.
And I will raise them up on the last day.
Do you realize that nobody gets saved unless God draws them to salvation?
But do you realize you don't know who all those people are?
So our role is to share the gospel
as broadly as possible.
Let me give you an example and to use our influence as much as we can.
So I know teachers who really, really, they pray for their students, they're in a public school, they pray for their students and they want to be an influence for Christ.
Now the world might say to them, you can't be bold in your faith because you might lose your job.
And that's not just true of teachers.
There's a lot of other people in their jobs and they try to figure this out and figure out how to navigate that because they
You know, the relationships and stuff and pressure and just things like that.
But I know teachers who say, you know what?
Through this modern invention of social media, it's one of the ways that they can boldly proclaim their faith in Christ and let everybody know that they're Christians.
And so therefore, it wouldn't be surprising when a student is in their class and a parent say, hey, I'm friends with you on Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, whatever.
And I linked in and I realized, man, you are a follower of Jesus.
I'm so glad for that.
Will you be praying for my student this year, my child in your class?
How awesome is that?
They can boldly, now of course there's other ways.
I mean, teachers can take a Bible and put it on their desk and teachers can, you know, take, you know, family memories, pictures and have verses on them.
And there's a lot of ways if you ask.
But the bottom line is we say God, you are gonna be drawing people to yourself.
We want to be part of that.
Let me go back to that missionary in Egypt for a second.
They didn't know who's going to come to English as a second language.
They invited everybody, everybody they could.
And then God brought people and ultimately some people came to faith in Christ.
I'm praying that God would use you on your work and in your work to be an influence for him.
There'd be conversations that'd be about, Hey, can I pray for you?
Conversations about
Wow, it seems like that may be a tough time, but man, I will be here to listen.
And you can begin to see over and over through time how you might even share the gospel.
Let me give you an example.
There was a young lady, she was an athlete for the U.S. Skeleton team.
Do you know the sport of skeleton?
Skeleton is head first on a sled at about 90 miles an hour.
Your chin about this high off the ice for a mile and a half.
Kids, it's awesome.
I've done it.
I didn't go 90 miles an hour.
It's like ice of a, you know, water slide.
It's sort of what it feels like.
The time I did it, it was like friends and family day and they let me come and do it.
The first time they just let me, they just sort of nudged me and let me go down the track halfway down the track, not the whole track, halfway.
And it was like, okay, this is nice.
The second time, and last time I did it, they just gave me a little bit of a push like this.
Y'all, I was scared for my life.
I was like coming up way on the curves and I thought I was gonna die.
It was just, it was fun.
I would do it again.
I mean, I would do it again.
But this girl named Leanne was a skeleton athlete for the U.S. team.
She was injured.
I was at the Bobsled Track helping to volunteer and she had heard of our ministry and knew we were out there volunteering.
And so Leanne, she said, hey,
I heard you guys have a Bible study.
Can I come?
And I'm like, well, of course it's open for everybody.
She was a believer.
Now the Bible study had started because a girl who worked at the front desk of the Olympic Training Center had a burden for the athletes spiritually.
So she saw through her vocation, she worked for the US Olympic Committee, that there's got to be a way to connect these students and athletes to the gospel.
She and I began to talk.
We prayed and we talked to other people and we figured out
that God might open a door and sure enough, we started Bible studying.
So it had started a bit before.
So Bible studies going on, meet Leigh Ann.
Leigh Ann says, Derek, do you think it would be okay if I invite Echo?
Echo Nakayama.
I'm like, absolutely.
Where's she from?
She's from Kentucky.
I'm like, no, she's not.
She's from Japan.
And so Echo comes to the Bible study and Leigh Ann told me, she said, listen, Echo is, you know, she's pretty good at speaking in English,
I think she's close to getting saved.
Turns out Echo, the summer before, in Canada had been welcomed into the home of a pastor's wife and his family once she needed to train.
They had loved on her, provided her a place to live, shared the gospel with her.
Leanne had met her.
She's a friend.
Bible study had started.
Echo comes.
She even couldn't even stay for the whole Bible study because of her training and team schedule.
But we gave her a Bible in English.
She wanted to work on her English.
And we gave her a copy of the Jesus film on DVD in multiple languages, including Japanese.
I'll cut all the way to the end.
After the season was over, Echo sends an email to Leanne and said, Leanne, I am so excited to tell you, I have Jesus in my mind.
Now for an Asian,
That means I have Jesus in my heart.
That's the way they communicated.
She had come to faith in Christ.
She said, I'm getting baptized on Easter Sunday.
This girl began to live for Jesus.
The next season she took her skeleton sled and in English she had Bible verses all over it.
So that when she would hold it at the start line and they would on TV show her sled all over the world,
You could see scripture all over so I'm getting chills just telling the story.
She was a witness for Christ.
The last time I saw her, before I moved away, she said, she said, Pastor Derek, she said, I am so excited I did skeleton.
Now listen, this girl never won an Olympic medal.
Never won a World Cup medal.
She was best in Japan, one or two every year, because she was the one or two only ones that were sliding.
You get it?
She's now a coach for one of the teams, but she told me, she said, I'm so excited that I did skeleton because if I had never done skeleton, I would not know Jesus.
So let me tell you, I want you to connect some of those dots.
It's a pastor and his wife who said the work is to do God's work.
It's a girl who works at the front death Olympic training center who says, I want to be used by God.
It's an athlete who says, I want God to use me as a witness.
Do you see how this is all working together?
God is drawing people to salvation.
You don't know the part you're going to play.
And my prayer for you is this week.
No matter what you do, you will see it's bigger than just earning a paycheck.
It's bigger than any of the worldly, just earthly stuff.
Man, that earthly stuff is important.
I'm really glad there's engineers.
You know why?
Because I really like to drive places and I need bridges to get there.
I'm really glad there's doctors.
Because sometimes when I get sick, I need to go to the doctor.
But man, am I glad that there's people, doctors, engineers.
I mean everybody who is thinking eternal.
And that's what Jesus calls us to do.
Jesus caused us to think about eternity.
God draws people to salvation.
Our role is to share good news with them.
Question number three is this.
Do you follow Jesus only when things are going well?
Or do you follow him even when times get tough?
In verse 53 in following Jesus,
He gets sort of graphic.
He says, listen, you got to eat the flesh of the Son of Man, drink his blood.
He's not technically talking about practically eating it.
What he's talking about is his sacrifice on the cross.
And as you know, the Lord's supper reminds us of the body of Christ that was broken for our sin and the blood of Christ that was shed for our salvation.
What he is saying is, you have to embrace my sacrifice if you're going to truly follow me.
This is going to be a life of brokenness.
a life of Jesus is telling about himself that he's going to the cross.
It is not going to be easy.
I mean, it is the missionaries who go to the mission field and who say, I may never come home because I may die on the mission field by people who are opposed to the gospel.
I mean, it's that kind of faith.
But it's a man or woman, it's a teenager who says, I'm going to live for Jesus, even if it involves sacrifice and suffering.
Therefore, verse 60 says, many, when many of his disciples heard this, they said, this teaching is hard.
Who can accept it?
Jesus himself, knowing in himself that his disciples were complaining about this, asked, does this offend you?
Then what if you were to observe the Son of Man ascending to where he was before?
The Spirit is the one who gives life.
The flesh doesn't help at all.
The words that I've spoken to you are spirit and our life, but there are some among you who don't believe.
For Jesus knew from the beginning, those who did not believe and the one who would betray him.
He said, this is why I told you that no one can come to me unless it is granted to him by the Father.
Look at verse 66.
This is one of the saddest verses in the Bible.
From that moment, many of his disciples turned back and no longer accompanied.
Unfortunately, it's the people, and we see it in many parts of the world.
You see it in some of these in Africa when you might hear of a harvest of 2,000 people getting saved, which may or may not be true, or Asia or South America.
And the reason I said it may be true, because sometimes the reason you hear those numbers is when a health and wealth prosperity gospel guy will go and he'll say, if you come to Jesus, he will make you rich.
If you will come to Jesus, you will have an easy life.
Who wants to come to the altar?
Well, these people living in poverty go, I do.
But when times get tough, they fall away.
And the question is, only God knows their heart.
Do they truly get saved?
You know, the true gospel is, it's the gospel that says, when your kid goes through a difficult time, and when your kid is sick, when your kid is
Maybe even at the point of death, will you still follow Jesus?
That's true faith.
Jesus said to the 12th, you don't want to go away too, do you?
Simon Peter answered, Lord, to whom will we go?
You have the words of life.
You have the words of eternal life.
We have come to believe and know that you are the Holy One of God.
Jesus replied to them, didn't I choose you the 12 yet one of you?
is a devil, he was referring to Judas, Simon's scared son, one of the 12 because he was going to betray him.
So how about you?
Do you follow Jesus when things are going well?
Or do you follow him even when times get tough?
Man, if you will stay rock solid when times get tough, you talking about your witness for Christ on your work, you talking about your witness for Christ in your neighborhood, it will have the credibility of that faith is deep
That God is real.
His salvation is secure.
He is living a holy, faith-filled life, even when circumstances of life are difficult.
So do you follow Jesus only when things are going well?
Or do you follow when things get tough?
So this week, and every day I ask you, will you be about the work of God and the will of God?
Not just about your agenda, but His.
Not just about your boss's agenda.
Now listen, students, let me be really clear.
Do your homework.
Get your work done.
Do your job.
But as you're doing your job, be a witness for Christ, doing the work of God and the will of God.
Romans 12, 1 and 2 says it this way.
He says, I urge you, brothers, in view of God's mercy, to present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy and pleasing to God.
This is your spiritual act of worship, your true worship.
and do not be conformed any longer to this age, but be transformed by the noon of your mind that you may know and discern what is the good, pleasing, and perfect will of God.
So this week you're like, Lord, I'm a living sacrifice.
I will do my job.
And as I'm doing my job, whatever that job is at work, at school, at home, everywhere I go, I want to be about your business, the work of God and the will of God.
Last illustration.
We have a Hope Center.
We already talked about it.
Give out food and clothing.
Awesome.
One of the things that is done there, you're not gonna be surprised, is we share Bible stories, Bible studies, devotions, share the word of God.
And I heard before one of the services this morning that there's a lady who comes many, many weeks.
And here's what happened last week.
She told him, she said, I've come many weeks in a row thinking,
This week is a week I'm gonna dedicate my life to God.
Guess what, y'all?
Last week she did it.
Her life is now changed for eternity because of her faith in Christ.
That's why we do the Hope Center and every one of our ministries is so lives can be changed for eternity.
Let's pray together.
With heads about and eyes closed, I don't know how God may want you to change your schedule this week, perhaps.
What will you change this week so that you can do the work of God and the will of God as you go about your life?
Maybe you just need to change your focus.
Maybe there is need to be changed in this way, some of the way you spend your money, your free time.
I don't know what it is that God maybe you're leading you to do so that this week you can be more in tune with the will of God and more about the work of God, the true work of God that people can believe in Jesus.
just like Jesus said.
I pray right now that you would take some time and say, God, use me this week to do your will and to be about your work.
And even ask God, say, God, show me how to do it.
And if you're willing to, just commit to him and say, God, I'll change whatever I need to change to be about the work of God and the will of God more fully in my life.
And now maybe there's something who would say, today I need to give my life to Christ.
On this campus, online, one of our other campuses, you would say, today, I need to give my life to Jesus.
You're talking about the work of God and the will of God.
Hey, it begins with you, surrendering your life to Christ.
So if you don't know Jesus as your Lord and Savior, would you right now, by faith, pray to him?
Ask him to be the Lord and Savior of your life.
Pray something like this, say, do Jesus save me?
Tell him, say, Jesus, I know that I'm a sinner and I need you to save me.
I believe you died for me on the cross and rose from the dead.
Right now, by faith, I trust in you.
Forgive me of my sins.
I commit my life to you.
Thank you for saving me, Jesus.
Hey, with head bowed and eyes closed, you say, today I did that.
Or you may say, I need to do that.
When we stand in a moment, we're gonna sing.
But if you've given your life to Christ today or you need to do that, when we stand, would you come to me or one of the other pastors and say, today, I need to give my life to Christ?
Maybe there's others who you want to say, I want to come and become a member of this church.
You come and let us know that.
Others who would say, I need to be obedient to the Lord in baptism.
Been saved, I need to be baptized.
Come and let us know that as well.
We just pray that each person would be obedient.
right now to what God's calling you to do.
So I'm gonna pray, and I ask y'all to stand after I do, and then invite you to come.
Lord Jesus, we love you.
We pray that you would have your way now during this invitation, a time of invitation, time of response, time to worship you.
Help each one of us to be obedient to what you're calling us to do.
In Jesus' name we pray, amen.
Please stand, you come.